---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: Corporate Nutrition Classes
datePublished: '2016-04-18T06:04:09.240Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-18T06:03:50.023Z'
title: Classes
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-16-classes.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: classes/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
# Classes

_Corporate Nutrition Classes_

_Talk about how an office can benefit from your seminars with charges. Give a minimum no. of people required for a class e.g. 10 persons (Rs. 15000/-) Additional person 1250/-_

_One on One Classes_

_This is a class, wherein we discuss with each person individually about their desired goals. The goals could be related to anything, losing weight, changes in lifestyle, being fit or just preparing a diet chart as per the individual's choice and needs. This class is further divided in two Categories:_

_1\. Basic Diet Consultation_

_A basic diet consultation along with some tips to complement the individual's lifestyle. We intend to work towards a common goal that an individual intends to achieve. A bespoke diet chart is tailored.   
(Charges:- Rs. 1250/- per class.)_

_2\. Advanced Diet & Wellness Consultation_

_This will have all the benefits of Basic Diet Consultation and an invitation to join our wellness group, wherein regular updates on food, easy & healthy snack preparations, __fitness ideas and lifestyle changes will be provided.   
(Charges:- Rs. 1500/- per class.)_

_Dietitian on Call_

_You don't come to us, we come to you. This is one of our premium classes wherein you don't have to visit Dietitian Priya at her chamber, instead she will meet you at a cafe near your home or work. The benefits of this class is to allow you to save time and money that is wasted in travelling. This consultation features all the benefits of Advanced Diet & Wellness Consultation.   
(Charges:- Rs. 2000/- per visit per person)._

_Online/Distance Classes_

_Not everybody can be present physically for a one-on-one counselling. This does not mean that you should be deprived of healthy living. We have actively involved in online and distance classes. We believe in flexibility, hence a healthy interaction on Skype, FaceTime or Phone is welcome. You can opt for either Basic Diet Consultation or Advanced Diet & Wellness Consultation.   
(Charges:- BDC - Rs. 1400/- ADWC - Rs. 1700/-)_

  
__